# MIST
MIST framework contains following component - MSGenerator, Jmeter test suit, Initial results

1. MSGenerator - This is a Java Spring Boot based program that process the kieker input files and generates the frequent patterns and costs as the output. System requirements -  Java 17 or above.

2. Jmeter test suite - This contains the Jmeter test scripts that used to simulate the load on JForum application

3. Pattern Mining Library - This is the library used to perform sequential pattern mining. SPMF library(https://www.philippe-fournier-viger.com/spmf/) has used for this purpose. MSGenerator applicaiton uses this library during the execution. Path to this library should include to the 'app.patternMinningLibrary' property in the applicaiton properties file.

4. Sample Input and Output - The Input and Output folders contains the sample input and system outputs. Input folder contains the kieker files(https://kieker-monitoring.net/) generated by JForum application(https://jforum.net/). Output folder contains sample output files of 
		-methodToIdEventMappin - This file contains the each executing method of JForum application represent in unique number.
		-eventFromLog - Each event trace represented in the numbered format. This is the input file for SPMF pattern mining library.
		-patternMinningLibraryOutput - This is the output file produced by the SPMF pattern mining library.
		-patternCostInfo - Final output of the framework that contains the frequent patterns and cost information.

# How to run the application
To run the application, first configure the application properties file and execute the main funtion in command line or via IDE. Below are the properties you can configure:

		-Application running port and context path:
			server.port=8888
			server.servlet.contextPath=/MSGenerator
		
		-Kieker files location
			app.kiekerLogFileLocation=C:/Development/MSGeneratorInputOutput/Input
		
		-Pattern mining library configurations 
			app.patternMinningAlgorithm=GSP
			app.patternMinningMinimumSupport=50%
			app.patternMinningMinimumConfidence=5
			app.patternMinningMinimumGap=2
		
		-System output file configs
			app.isXESFileRequired=false
			app.isMethodToIdMappingRequired=true
			app.patternMinningLibrary=C:/Development/MSGeneratorSupportWork/spmf.jar
			app.patternMinningInputFile=C:/Development/MSGeneratorInputOutput/Output/eventsFromLog.txt
			app.patternMinningOutputFile=C:/Development/MSGeneratorInputOutput/Output/patternMinninglibraryOutput.txt
			app.methodToIdMappingFile=C:/Development/MSGeneratorInputOutput/Output/methodToIdEventMapping.txt
			app.patternCostInfoFile=C:/Development/MSGeneratorInputOutput/Output/patternCostInfo.txt

		-Classes of methods to skip from pattern mining
			app.stringsToAvoidFromPatternMatching=.init,.lambda,.set,getBotAgents,WebRequestContext,CsrfFilter,CsrfHttpServletRequestWrapper,net.jforum.JForum.,net.jforum.Command.,ControllerUtils

